	•	LLM Interaction Learning Games
Created two games with multiple levels each that help the student gain an “aha!” moment about how to work with AI at scale. Work with AI beyond the chatbot and meeting transcript. 

Built using GitHub Copilot with GPT-5. The output is an HTML file containing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The user must input into the UI an API key and secret which allows the file to interact with models hosted on Azure AI Foundry. 

Game 1 was about data parsing and clean-up – a common challenge at any company. The user would write one prompt that can clean up multiple rows of bad data. This shows the user how one prompt and an LLM can quickly work through millions of rows of data. 
Game 2 was about OCR. The user would upload a vendor invoice PDF. A timer would start and they would be prompted to quickly do data entry of the invoice number, total amount, freight, etc. Then it would say “Now it’s the LLM’s turn!” and the LLM would do it very quickly. The results would be compared. This was to show the user other AI use case primitives. 


	•	Reporting Strategy Catalog Platform
Created a website with React and Sqlite that allows users to catalog every report in their organization. At its core, it's a database with a few tables to capture name, user personas, fields used, a screenshot, the reporting platform, a link to the report, etc. 
The AI bonuses are twofold. One - When uploading the screenshot you can choose to OCR the screenshot and fill out the intake from the screenshot. This will autofill the Title and fields contained in the report section, which can be a lot of typing. This is accomplished via LLM API.  Two - Once you have a robust catalog, you can click a button to get a Report Consolidation Analysis. All the catalog data is sent to an LLM and it looks for the best opportunities to consolidate and delete reports with duplicate information. 

	•	Mueller Product Description 
Used gpt-4 through azure ai foundry. The challenge was to use a vendor product specification sheet and an internal core & Main product description standard to create master data product descriptions for 87,000 products. Each of the 13 elements of the description had to be read from the dataset and processed through the description standard. Things like “ST LOUIS” or “SAINT LOUIS” or “st. louis” were standardized to “ST LOUIS”. Much prompt engineering was done. Evaluation datasets were created for each of the 13 elements. A novel utility was created in the project to show the accuracy vs evaluation for every prompt change to reduce the developer feedback look considerably. This project was a huge time saver and more accurate than the humans doing it before. 300 hours saved. 
	•	Waterworks Projects - Fire protection Leads
This AI project also used Azure AI Foundry and had some special solutions and outcomes. The overall thrust was to take project bids that were already in awarded-won from one business unit and use them as leads for another business unit. You see, in big construction projects they do the underground waterworks first and then three to six months later they do the fire protection installation. Waterworks and fire protection are both business units at Core & Main. One challenge is that only certain projects will have a waterworks component AND a fire protection component. That’s where the LLM came in. We would take the project name of the waterworks bid and let the LLM decide if that name fell into one of a dozen “fire protection eligible” categories like School, Data Center, Hospital, Warehouse, Multi-Unit Residential. With this new label, plus the date of the project, we were able to take a million bids per year and distill it down to a couple hundred high confidence leads for the fire protection sales reps. This was automated in Fabric using Notebooks and Lakehouses and Python and Azure Key Vault. I developed a two-pass solution to reduce costs: a lower cost LLM did the first pass to try to categorize the project/bid - if it had low confidence in its answer, it said so, and the script did a second pass with a higher prices higher quality LLM to get an answer. This reduced costs by 85%. This project used less than $5 of LLM spend and had demonstrable effects on Fire Projection sales, putting the ROI in the high thousands of percent. An improvement I would make is to pass the leads to a CRM for tracking. 


	•	
